Privacy Policy Introduction

Thank you for taking the time to read our Privacy Policy for Fashion Closet website and other online locations such as Facebook and Twitter (together, the "Website") and our Fashion Closet mobile application (the "App") (the Website and App are collectively referred to as the "Site") offered by Fashion Closet Online Store, Inc. ("we", "our", or "Fashion Closet"). This Privacy Policy describes how Fashion Closet collects and receives Personal Information about you through the Site and any off-line communications with you such as telephone, e-mail and personal communications ("Off-Line"). This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and Conditions for the Site, govern your use of the Site and Fashion Closet's collection and use of your Personal Information both through the Site and Off-Line. Please read this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions before using the Site. Please note especially these sections of the Terms and Conditions: social media; disputes, arbitration and applicable law; disclaimer of Site warranties; limitation of liability; indemnification; and general information.

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. When the Privacy Policy is revised, the date of the latest revision will appear at the top of this page. If you object to any changes to this Privacy Policy, please contact us immediately with your objection as described in the "Fashion Closet Contact Information" section at the end of this Privacy Policy. If we are unable to resolve your objections, you may close your account and discontinue use of our Site and services. Each time you purchase any product or use any service of Fashion Closet, you acknowledge that the current version of this Privacy Policy applies.

We are strongly committed to protecting your privacy while interacting with our content, products, and services. We want to provide a safe and secure environment. All information we provide is used exclusively by us. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to tell you what kind of information we may gather about you when you visit our site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone. Our policy allows you to choose what kind and how much information you provide to us and to control how we use whatever information you give us. Our goal is to provide you with a satisfying experience while allowing you to control your privacy and to give you the means to voice any questions or concerns you may have.

The Information We Collect The types of personal information that we record will depend on your usage of our site. If you carry out a transaction online or send us an email, we will record information that may differ from the information we collect if you simply visit our site. Purchasing Products or Services If you purchase products or apply to become a member, it requires you to provide certain details so that we can establish an account and provide you with the product or service. This includes details such as your name and contact information making the purchase or setting up the account. This information will help us process and manage your account. Navigation Information Each time you visit our site, anonymous navigation information is collected by our servers. This information includes: The type of browser and operating system you are using; The date and time of your visit; The address of the pages you accessed. This provides us information about how the web site is used and navigated, including the number of hits, the frequency of visits and the duration of visits to each web page on the site.

In addition, our site, like many others, uses cookies. A cookie is a piece of information that the website sends to your browser and is stored on your hard disk. A cookie helps to identify your browser to the website when you return to visit the site and the previous requests your browser has made. This allows the site to be tailored to you on your return visits. Cookies cannot identify you personally. If you do not wish to receive cookies it is likely that you can disable their use by altering the security settings on your web browser.

The Personal Information Collected from You at This Site Is used: For billing purposes; To maintain your account; To notify you about other/new services/promotions from time to time; To provide customer support; In order to provide you with the products, services/information you have requested. In addition, the anonymous navigation information may be used for statistical analysis of the site, for marketing purposes and to tailor the content of the site to the needs of our members. Statistical information is not disclosed in connection with your personal information.

Children And Privacy If you are under 13, DO NOT USE THIS SITE. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under age 13. If you are under age 13, you are not permitted to use the Site.

If you are 13 - 17 years of age, you may visit, browse and use the information on the Site but you may not register an account or submit any Personal Information. If you are 13 - 17 years old, by browsing the Site you confirm that you have the permission of a parent or guardian to do so. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that we may have inadvertently collected Personal Information from your child, please notify us immediately by sending an email to haocheng969@gmail.com.

Information sharing For the purpose of operating our business, there will be occasions where it will be necessary for us to disclose your personal information to third parties. For example, they may handle our site’s credit card processing, shipping, data management, email distribution, market research, information analysis, and promotions management. We provide our preferred service providers with the information they need to perform their services and work with them to respect and protect your information.

Security Fashion Closet uses reasonable administrative, physical and electronic security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information.

We try our best to make sure all our information is safe, but the internet is not completely secure. Any transmissions you make over the internet are at your own risk. No transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of Fashion Closet to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect personal information, neither Fashion Closet nor our service providers can ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us over the internet. Any such transmission is at your own risk.

Access and Correction Once you have registered as our member, you may access your account details and correct your personal information by logging into “My Account”.

Changes to This Privacy Statement This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Any changes to our Privacy Statement will be highlighted in this area from time to time.

Contact Information If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our privacy practices, or would like to exercise any of your rights related to your Personal Information, please contact us at haocheng969@gmail.com.
